GPC-437: Secure pipelines and control tower adr (#1522)
alphagov/di-data-life-events-platform: doc/architecture/decisions/0028-secure-pipelines-and-control-tower.md

# 28. Secure pipelines and Control tower

[Next >>](9999-end.md)

Date: 2023-06-18

## Status

Proposed

## Context

The existing platform is trying to align with the rest of DI, which uses AWS Control Tower to manage AWS accounts, and
Secure Pipelines to deploy their systems. As a result, the platform is attempting to align to this flow, while

> also aligning our architecture (as laid out in [ADR 2#](Put link here)). DI also uses an environment per account flow,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also aligning our architecture (as laid out in [ADR 2#](0002-gdx-share-architecture.md)). DI also uses an environment per account flow,
```

Author: this will be the ADR for the DI alignment, not 2

which is different from our approach of an account for all our non-prod environments, and an account for our prod

> environment.

Reviewer 2: If we decide we aren't going to migrate the existing thing, then this ADR should probably reflect that @oskarwilliams . I still think Control Tower, then pipelines, then rewriting code into Lambdas/TypeScript is the correct order, but either way let's just make sure the ADRs reflect the decision we're actually making :)

Author: So we are going to migrate the existing terraform into secure pipelines, independent of the order we do things (as a lot of this will be parallel), so I will leave this as is
